[M365 Defender] Update documentation as per new template (#16152)
elastic/integrations: packages/m365_defender/_dev/build/docs/README.md

**Incidents and Alerts:** This data streams leverages the [Microsoft Graph Security API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/security-api-overview?view=graph-rest-1.0) to ingest a collection of correlated alert instances and associated metadata that reflects the story of an attack in Microsoft Defender XDR. Incidents stemming from Microsoft Defender XDR, Microsoft Defender for Endpoint, Microsoft Defender for Office 365, Microsoft Defender for Identity, Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps, and Microsoft Purview Data Loss Prevention are supported by this integration.

**Vulnerability:** This data stream uses the [Microsoft Defender for Endpoint API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/defender-endpoint/api/get-assessment-software-vulnerabilities#2-export-software-vulnerabilities-assessment-via-files) to collect vulnerability assessments.

> **Note:** Alerts are individual detection events surfaced by Microsoft and partner security providers, while Incidents and Alerts are correlated collections of alerts that represent a broader attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** **Alert** data stream ingests individual detection events surfaced by Microsoft and partner security providers, while **Incidents and Alerts** data stream ingests correlated collections of alerts that represent a broader attack.
```
